The Future that I am building:

Hi, I am Aariv, a 24 year young man, Engineer, Artist 
and the Founder at The MountainKid. I always believe 
that we need 3 things at a fundamental level to transform 
this world.
1. Innovation      2. Entertainment     3. Governance

1. Innovation: 
We need great minds to innovate and invent new things for the betterment of the world. And I always believe that Great minds come 
from unexpected backgrounds. 

So I have been working on the solutions in the fields of 
1. Technology & Business (TMK Labs) 
2. Education (Batch7 School, now TMK School), 
3. Agriculture & Food Industy
(TMK Organics & TMK Cafe).
4. Logistics: TMK Stores

TMK Labs: Anybody with a cup of strong coffee 
can write 1000 ideas, but not everyone can 
build those unshaped ideas into a wonderful 
product. and the main
problem for this is, lack of guidance and 
experience.

So I have started TMK Labs where we develop technology 
including software and hardware that is required for all 
our projects. And apart from this, 
I provide an environment for great minds to explore themselves 
with programming and problem analysis under our guidance. 
and in the later part, we fund their projects to help in 
creating great solutions for the people and 
help in transforming the world.

and then here is my second project,
Education: Batch7 (now - TMK School): 
Online School - Affordable Education for Everyone because I always 
believe that Great people can come from anywhere.


and then the third project
Agriculture : 
TMK Organics - Reverse engineer the process of Emmigration 
towards urban areas to Immigration towards rural areas.

and then the fourth project
Food Industry: 
TMK Cafe - Everyone has a right to know what they are 
eating and in the long run, we want to replace the nutritionist 
with our technology that we are building at tmk labs.

and aparat from that, I see TMK Cafe as intersection of 3 things. 
1. Innovation with young minds
2. Quality food 
3. Entertainment 
Cuz I believe great people can come from anywhere and mostly they come from humble backgrounds.


2. Entertainment: 
Be it a beggar or the Prime minister of this country, 
everyone of us intersect at one point that is Entertainment.
it can be music, a poem or a movie or just a smily emoji.
I have been working on my next project beThePunk which 
I am about to start in the next 2 years. 


3. Governance:

India is a country of great minds with 600 million youngsters. 
Unfortunately the country is led by the people who wants to 
control the power rather doing good things for the country.(not everyone). 
Through out my childhood, I used to feel a strong urge that I should start 
my own political party and for which the response I got from my Mom was that 
I could never change a bit as people minds are deeply connected to the roots 
of well established polital parties.

Then in the later part of my life, I thought with technology we can solve 
this probelm and thats when I have decided to use TMK Labs work to contribute
in the field of politics. in 3 years to now, you will see our people at 
TMK Labs building solutions that can analyse the genuinity of person 
who is making promises to public.


So this way our journey started and by the end of next year, 
We are about to launch our first hardware product 
and we are excited to showcase this at HPU auditorium.

HINT: its an autonomouns device that has eyes and brain to fly.


Regards
Aariv
Engineer, TMK
Dedicated all my life to TMK
"Revolution Takes Time"



